exercises/2-Kernel_Mode/challenge_201/README.md, before:

# KERNEL MODE CHALLENGE 01: Hello World LKM

## Description

Write a "Hello Word" Linux Kernel Module (LKM).

## Details

- Edit `201_source.c` to solve this challenge.
- Define `init_module()` and `cleanup_module()` to implement your LKM.
- Verify your results (see: "Testing" section below).
- An example source file and amplifying considerations can be found in the `solution` directory.

## Testing

### Manual Testing

#### Compile

```
cd exercises/2-Kernel_Mode/challenge_201/  # Manual testing in the local directory is easier
make clean  # Ensure you build from scratch
make  # Watch for errors
```

#### Load the Module

```
# Accomplish these steps from the local exercise directory...
sudo insmod 201_source.ko  # Insert the module in the Linux kernel
sudo lsmod | grep 201_source  # Verify your module was loaded
# Check for your "Loading" message with one (or more) of these commands
sudo dmesg -k --level=notice  # Print only the "Notice" level kernel messages
sudo dmesg | grep challenge  # Print any kernel message that contains the phrase "challenge"
sudo dmesg | tail -n 10  # Show the last 10 entries
```

#### Remove the Module

```
# Accomplish these steps from the local exercise directory...
sudo rmmod 201_source  # Remove your module from the Linux kernel
sudo lsmod | grep 201_source  # Verify your module is no longer loaded
# Check for your "Unloading" message with one (or more) of these commands
sudo dmesg -k --level=notice  # Print only the "Notice" level kernel messages
sudo dmesg | grep challenge  # Print any kernel message that contains the phrase "challenge"
sudo dmesg | tail -n 10  # Show the last 10 entries
```

### Automated Testing

From the challenge directory:

`python3 -m unittest` Execute all challege test cases

`python3 -m unittest -v` Execute all test cases with verbose output

`python3 -m unittest -k normal` Execute all the normal test cases

`python3 -m unittest -k normal_01` Execute normal test case 1

`python3 -m unittest -k normal_01 -v` Execute normal test case 1 with verbose output

NOTE: These test cases require elevated privileges.

Commit message:

LIDE-13: Updated C201 README
Added note implicitly cautioning against sudo.
The CDE does *NOT* like it when we use sudo to execute these tests.
Good news is, the vagrant user has unprompted access to sudo so the test
cases should run, as they need to, without authentication.

Changes to be committed:
	modified:   exercises/2-Kernel_Mode/challenge_201/README.md

exercises/2-Kernel_Mode/challenge_201/README.md, after:

# KERNEL MODE CHALLENGE 01: Hello World LKM

## Description

Write a "Hello Word" Linux Kernel Module (LKM).

## Details

- Edit `201_source.c` to solve this challenge.
- Define `init_module()` and `cleanup_module()` to implement your LKM.
- Verify your results (see: "Testing" section below).
- An example source file and amplifying considerations can be found in the `solution` directory.

## Testing

### Manual Testing

#### Compile

```
cd exercises/2-Kernel_Mode/challenge_201/  # Manual testing in the local directory is easier
make clean  # Ensure you build from scratch
make  # Watch for errors
```

#### Load the Module

```
# Accomplish these steps from the local exercise directory...
sudo insmod 201_source.ko  # Insert the module in the Linux kernel
sudo lsmod | grep 201_source  # Verify your module was loaded
# Check for your "Loading" message with one (or more) of these commands
sudo dmesg -k --level=notice  # Print only the "Notice" level kernel messages
sudo dmesg | grep challenge  # Print any kernel message that contains the phrase "challenge"
sudo dmesg | tail -n 10  # Show the last 10 entries
```

#### Remove the Module

```
# Accomplish these steps from the local exercise directory...
sudo rmmod 201_source  # Remove your module from the Linux kernel
sudo lsmod | grep 201_source  # Verify your module is no longer loaded
# Check for your "Unloading" message with one (or more) of these commands
sudo dmesg -k --level=notice  # Print only the "Notice" level kernel messages
sudo dmesg | grep challenge  # Print any kernel message that contains the phrase "challenge"
sudo dmesg | tail -n 10  # Show the last 10 entries
```

### Automated Testing

From the challenge directory:

`python3 -m unittest` Execute all challege test cases

`python3 -m unittest -v` Execute all test cases with verbose output

`python3 -m unittest -k normal` Execute all the normal test cases

`python3 -m unittest -k normal_01` Execute normal test case 1

`python3 -m unittest -k normal_01 -v` Execute normal test case 1 with verbose output

NOTE: These test cases require elevated privileges and may prompt you to authenticate with sudo.
